it used to be that when we went on our
favorite ski vacations we might schedule
a private instructor for a half-day
lesson to knock the rust off some of us
like myself went straight to the
mountain if I knew how to steam why
bother with the ski instructor well
times have changed and people now want
to get the most out of their ski
vacations in response to that resorts
have redefined what ski instructors do
and they're now becoming more like an on
mountain guide to show you where some of
the best ski terrain is today I have my
own on mountain guide Dave bolte thanks
for joining us thank you this is gonna
be great I've lived here for 10 years
and I got you guys still don't know all
the terrain in Vail I'm still finding
stuff myself hopefully today take you
out show you some good stuff well that
sounds great let's go do it okay okay
pretty good yeah you know this one
wasn't too busy but the next one will be
this isn't all necessarily coaching or
on this early ski instruction either no
it's really what the guest wants um it's
primarily coaching or it can be if
that's what they're interested in um but
sometimes it's just a guide sometimes
some people just want someone to skew it
they're out here by themselves sometimes
it's maybe mom and dad in the morning
the kids in the afternoon we try to be
versatile well it's great too because
you know it really can be considered a
value you can bring up to six people you
can you know ski with five of your
family members and that's really it's a
it's a great value for what you can get
out of it that's really the best way to
go and that's where the value you really
start to see that and we meet at the
hotel we can meet at the private sign
lunches when you want it where you want
you know you know there's a lot of
options for that that's great it's great
and if you want to you can just guide
them around them out and get a lot of
skiing yeah we do a lot about you do a
lot of that yeah well that's great yeah
well Dave here we are at the top of
chair 11 this has always been a great
place to hook up for locals as you can
see a lot of people are doing just four
wheels yeah you can see we're pretty
that absolutely you know I found that
there are so many people that come to
Bill mountain to ski and it's so big
it's huge you could you could ski the
entire day on the front side but really
it's really the best terrain is when you
find the back side you know there's some
good runs back there some of the best
runs some of my favorite runs are
definitely in the back also there's blue
runs in the back and there's blue formed
runs in the back well where we go I
think we should drop in a son a pole
okay should be good all right I think
you're ready let's do it
Dave thanks a ton for taking us around
today this has just been wonderful my
pleasure you know that the trail map if
you look at it it's awfully big but you
made the mountain feel small today it's
a big mountain it's easy to get lost up
here but I think as we know as we saw
there's a lot of stuff that's maybe not
on a trail map that we could go and have
some fun in absolutely in great speed
well you know this we're filming this
unveil we're here avail but this is a
program the changing of a ski instructor
that's going on all over the country
yeah that doesn't matter if you hear out
east go out and ski with a pro have some
fun getting a halfpipe anything you want
that they'll take care of it absolutely
well thanks a ton my pleasure let's have
the bottle okay
don't wait to have your fest day on fail
mountain be your last call fails ski and
snowboard school and let us fill in the
blanks at 800 475 45 43